day 9

>Servletconfig--is for servlet
>servletcontext---context is for entire application.
>Filter,filterchain?Filters advantages
>Lifecycle of servlets---loading--init--service---destroy
>Horizontal scalling of servers and vertical scaling of server?
>Web.xml--deployment descriptor/config file
>types if configuration files
xml,json,bson,properties,YAML
>>Http request and httpresponse



in our peojects we r using 2.5 version because is tha web.xml file where the servlets server  are store in web.xml.
even thow he version is to old we are using for the projects 


3.x version wont contain web.xml it contains only annotations.whichh is adavanced one in now a days world

web.xml is also called as register and deployment descriptor
for configuratin we use files like xml,json,bson(binary json),cson.

>server configuration we use xml and json.

increasing the power is known as scaling.

every servlet will have servleconfig.object;
evry appilication will have servletcontext(global for all servlets)
 
filters are of two types 1.prefilter ND 2)POST FILTER

prefilter-occurs with the httprequest(before)
post filter-occurs with the output (after)
group of filters are called as filter chain
filters are used for writing security code
uses while transfering the data
redrection-moving from one to another place
every server will have listner program
if there is no listener program in server then the server is in dead state or inaactive state

pop3 and pop ?

>>>>Display welcome to infinite using servlet.
>.javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet

ocwcd---oracle certified web component developer
servlets comes under j2ee

>in eclipse ,wwe create srevlet,it will create 2 methoda
doget,&dopost.


HTTP method:
GET
PUT
POST
DELETE 
INIT
TRACE 
PATCH

but in servlett ,we have below methods:
doget,if the servlet support HTTP GET request
dopost,for HTTP POST request
doput,for HTTP PUT request
dodelete,for HTTP DELETE request

>put vs poat?
put-----updateing data


>

















































